Documentation for setting `dtype=str` before passing dataframe to `create_from_dataframe` (#343)
Datatamer/tamr-client: CHANGELOG.md

  **BUG FIXES**
  - Links from our docs to the `requests` docs were outdated. Links have been updated to point to the new `requests` docs URL.

>   - [#323](https://github.com/Datatamer/tamr-client/issues/323) <tamr.datasets.create_from_dataframe should use dtype=str to avoid dataset upload error>

Reviewer: Replace description with a more user-facing one:

```suggestion
  - [#323](https://github.com/Datatamer/tamr-client/issues/323) Documentation for setting `dtype=str` before calling `client.datasets.create_from_dataframe`
```
